ip-route-get: add page (#14333)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/ip-route-get.md

# ip route get

> > Get a single route - this command gets a single route to a destination and prints its contents exactly as the kernel sees it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Get a single route to a destination and print its contents exactly as the kernel sees it.
```

Reviewer 2: A brief explanation for the author:

The original description seems to be posted verbatim from the manual. Here at tldr though, the description should be adapted to fit [the style guide](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#imperative-mood).

> More information: <https://manned.org/ip-route>.

> - Print route to a destination (1.1.1.1):
> 
> `ip route get 1.1.1.1`
> 
> - Print route to a destination (1.1.1.1) from source (0.0.0.0):
> 
> `ip route get 1.1.1.1 from 0.0.0.0`
> 
> - Print route from 127.0.0.2 to 127.0.0.1:
> 
> `ip route get 127.0.0.1 from 127.0.0.2`
> 
> - Print route from 127.0.0.1 to 0.0.0.0:
> 
> `ip route get 0.0.0.0 from 127.0.0.1`
> 
> - Print route from 0.0.0.0 to 127.0.0.1:
> 
> `ip route get 127.0.0.1 from 0.0.0.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print route to a destination:

`ip route get {{1.1.1.1}}`

- Print route to a destination from source:

`ip route get {{destination}} from {{source}}`
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!

> `ip route get 127.0.0.1 from 0.0.0.0`

Reviewer 2: These examples feel repetitive and redundant.

I think they should either be removed, or be replaced with examples that showcase some other potentially useful options (e.g. `iif`, `oif`, `sport`, `dport`)

Author: Thanks for the comment. It maybe repetitive in the perspective of the command itself but I chose the combination of addresses that help you get the idea of what routes would work or what kind of paths that user should trace. But I see that it maybe too opinionated.

I'm not familiar with the usages with `iif`, `oif`, `sport`, `dport`. Feel free to suggests a edits or feel free to overwrite with another PR :)
